README.md, before:

Learn You Some Erlang for Great Good! on Kindle
===============================================
These are the sources that I used to generate [Fred Herbert's book][1] in the
Kindle-supported .mobi format.


How to Generate the Book
------------------------
1. Make sure you're connected to the Internet. The ebook will be generated using
the latest content on the website.
2. Make sure you have PHP >= 5.3 installed and the executable is on PATH.
3. Download [KindleGen][2] and make sure the executable is on PATH.
4. Run: `$ make`
5. Load build/learn-you-some-erlang.mobi on your Kindle device or test it with
the [Kindle Previewer tool][2].

Screenshots
-----------
![Table of Contents](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-01.gif)
![Sample code snippet](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-02.gif)
![Sample image](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-03.gif)

[1]: http://learnyousomeerlang.com/
[2]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000234621

Commit message:

Let people know they can download the book from GitHub

README.md, after:

Learn You Some Erlang for Great Good! on Kindle
===============================================
These are the sources that I used to generate [Fred Herbert's book][1] in the
Kindle-supported .mobi format.

If only want the book, just download the mobi file from the Downloads section,
then load it on your device.


How to Generate the Book
------------------------
1. Make sure you're connected to the Internet. The ebook will be generated using
the latest content on the website.
2. Make sure you have PHP >= 5.3 installed and the executable is on PATH.
3. Download [KindleGen][2] and make sure the executable is on PATH.
4. Run: `$ make`
5. Load build/learn-you-some-erlang.mobi on your Kindle device or test it with
the [Kindle Previewer tool][2].

Screenshots
-----------
![Table of Contents](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-01.gif)
![Sample code snippet](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-02.gif)
![Sample image](https://github.com/igstan/learn-you-some-erlang-kindle/raw/master/screenshot-03.gif)

[1]: http://learnyousomeerlang.com/
[2]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000234621
